[examples] Use Next.js 14 on examples (#44486)
mui/material-ui: examples/material-ui-nextjs-pages-router-ts/README.md

The [example folder](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/HEAD/examples/material-ui-nextjs-pages-router-ts) provides an adapter for the use of [Next.js's Link component](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/components/link) with Material UI.
More information [in the documentation](https://mui.com/material-ui/integrations/routing/#next-js-pages-router).

## Upgrading to Next.js 15

This example uses Next.js 14.

> To upgrade to Next.js 15, please follow their [upgrade guide](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/upgrading/version-15).

Reviewer: to make it more explicit that this a link to the Next.js docs

```suggestion
To upgrade to version 15, please follow the [official upgrade guide](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/upgrading/version-15) in the Next.js docs.
```

Author: Updated
